[Strings]
strings/manacher.cpp	Manacher
strings/hashing.cpp	Hashing
strings/rabin_karp.cpp	Rabin Karp
strings/z_function.cpp	Z Function
strings/finding_repetitions.cpp	Finding Repetitions
strings/longest_common_prefix.cpp	Longest Common Prefix
strings/suffix_array.cpp	Suffix Array
strings/count_unique_substrings.cpp	Count Unique Substrings
strings/knuth_morris_pratt.cpp	Knuth Morris Pratt
strings/group_identical_substrings.cpp	Group Identical Substrings

[Geometry]
geometry/nearest_points.cpp	Nearest Points
geometry/minkowski_sum.cpp	Minkowski Sum
geometry/point_in_convex.cpp	Point In Convex
geometry/line_sweep.cpp	Line Sweep
geometry/line_intersection.cpp	Line Intersection
geometry/basic_geometry.cpp	Basic Geometry
geometry/circle_line_intersection.cpp	Circle Line Intersection
geometry/convex_hull.cpp	Convex Hull
geometry/count_lattices.cpp	Count Lattices
geometry/segment_intersection.cpp	Segment Intersection
geometry/areas.cpp	Areas

[Dynamic Programming]
dynamic_programming/knuth_optimization.cpp	Knuth Optimization
dynamic_programming/knapsack.cpp	Knapsack
dynamic_programming/divide_and_conquer.cpp	Divide And Conquer
dynamic_programming/digit_dp.cpp	Digit Dp
dynamic_programming/subset_sum.cpp	Subset Sum
dynamic_programming/longest_increasing_subsequence.cpp	Longest Increasing Subsequence
dynamic_programming/longest_common_subsequence.cpp	Longest Common Subsequence
dynamic_programming/max_sum.cpp	Max Sum
dynamic_programming/edit_distance.cpp	Edit Distance

[Math]
math/chinese_remainder_theorem.cpp	Chinese Remainder Theorem
math/extended_euclidean.cpp	Extended Euclidean
math/modulo_inverse.cpp	Modulo Inverse
math/sum_of_divisors.cpp	Sum Of Divisors
math/range_sieve.cpp	Range Sieve
math/pollard_rho_brent.cpp	Pollard Rho Brent
math/factorial_modulo.cpp	Factorial Modulo
math/matrix.cpp	Matrix
math/find_all_solutions.cpp	Find All Solutions
math/miller_rabin.cpp	Miller Rabin
math/fibonacci.cpp	Fibonacci
math/fast_fourier_transform.cpp	Fast Fourier Transform
math/segmented_sieve.cpp	Segmented Sieve
math/linear_sieve.cpp	Linear Sieve
math/tonelli_shanks.cpp	Tonelli Shanks

[Miscellaneous]
miscellaneous/techniques.cpp	Techniques
miscellaneous/gauss.cpp	Gauss
miscellaneous/ternary_search.cpp	Ternary Search

[Data Structures]
data_structures/segment_tree_2d.cpp	Segment Tree 2d
data_structures/range_add_point_query.cpp	Range Add Point Query
data_structures/disjoint_set_union.cpp	Disjoint Set Union
data_structures/sparse_table_2d.cpp	Sparse Table 2d
data_structures/mo.cpp	Mo
data_structures/sparse_table.cpp	Sparse Table
data_structures/binary_trie.cpp	Binary Trie
data_structures/segment_tree.cpp	Segment Tree
data_structures/sqrt_decomposition.cpp	Sqrt Decomposition
data_structures/minimum_queue.cpp	Minimum Queue
data_structures/range_add_range_query.cpp	Range Add Range Query

[Graph Theory]
graph_theory/bridge.cpp	Bridge
graph_theory/dijkstra.cpp	Dijkstra
graph_theory/zero_one_bfs.cpp	Zero One Bfs
graph_theory/hungarian.cpp	Hungarian
graph_theory/ford_fulkerson.cpp	Ford Fulkerson
graph_theory/prim.cpp	Prim
graph_theory/centroid_decomposition.cpp	Centroid Decomposition
graph_theory/kahn.cpp	Kahn
graph_theory/dinics.cpp	Dinics
graph_theory/floyd_warshall.cpp	Floyd Warshall
graph_theory/kosaraju.cpp	Kosaraju
graph_theory/maximum_bipartite_matching.cpp	Maximum Bipartite Matching
graph_theory/kruskals.cpp	Kruskals
graph_theory/is_cyclic.cpp	Is Cyclic
graph_theory/find_cycle.cpp	Find Cycle
graph_theory/topological_sort.cpp	Topological Sort
graph_theory/min_cost_flow.cpp	Min Cost Flow
graph_theory/kuhn.cpp	Kuhn
graph_theory/articulation_point.cpp	Articulation Point
graph_theory/hierholzer.cpp	Hierholzer
graph_theory/lowest_common_ancestor.cpp	Lowest Common Ancestor
graph_theory/bellman_ford.cpp	Bellman Ford
graph_theory/edmonds_karp.cpp	Edmonds Karp
graph_theory/is_bipartite.cpp	Is Bipartite
graph_theory/fast_second_mst.cpp	Fast Second Mst

[References]
references/ref.cpp	Ref

